This is mine at auction.
It was raw from the sweeper at the auction.
It looks good, I came back specially,
Taobao. Taobao.
Isn’t this a gift I bought for you?
Why did you get it back?
Grandma, take it back quickly,
Too expensive. Look, there's nothing missing.
Grandma, take it back. Oh, oh, oh, oh, this child.
This is what grandma introduced and bought cheaply.
I originally had a set of that Fengguan Xia skin
He scared you and I didn’t even buy it.
Honesty is a salesman
Grandma also has a bunch of creamy white pigs
I was taken away by that pineapple wall
Then if there is a better grandma in the future, I will buy it for your grandma.
This is the spiritual area
There is no need for you to give me such an expensive gift
Keep it quickly
You are a child
What happened to spending grandma's money?
Grandma is rich
Even if grandma has money, she can’t spend it like this.
You said you were a cleaner
Where did you get so much money?
I won’t pretend anymore
Grandma is the rich second generation
Just keep it with peace of mind. What's wrong?
It's okay, it's okay
I just heard my grandma say that the rich second generation was not surprised either.
I didn’t expect grandma to be quite old
Quite trendy
Rich second generation son
There are also good people among the rich second generation, like me.
Positive, kind, gentle and considerate
Accept justice
Sometimes I plant flowers and raise cats
never hurt others
Do you believe
Do you think your grandparents are particularly nice?
Some of the people you and I have met
It's really different